README.md, before:

# Description
Entrypoint to all the mods developer for [R.E.P.O.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3241660).

# Project Structure:
This repo holds multiple projects, each in its own branch. Below is an overview:

| Branch                     | Description                                                                              | Link                                                                               |
|--------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `master` (this branch)     | Project Entrypoint                                                                       | [View on GitHub](https://github.com/EvilCheetah/repo.mods)                         |
| `mods.team-upgrades`       | [TeamUpgrades](https://thunderstore.io/c/repo/p/EvilCheetah/TeamUpgrades/) Mod Project   | [View on GitHub](https://github.com/EvilCheetah/repo.mods/tree/mods.team-upgrades) |

## Feedback and Suggestions
Feel free to open an issue on the GitHub repository if you have any feedback or suggestions.

Commit message:

add(scaling-prices): mod to the packages

README.md, after:

# Description
Entrypoint to all the mods developer for [R.E.P.O.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3241660).

# Project Structure:
This repo holds multiple projects, each in its own branch. Below is an overview:

| Branch                     | Description                                                                              | Link                                                                                |
|--------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `master` (this branch)     | Project Entrypoint                                                                       | [View on GitHub](https://github.com/EvilCheetah/repo.mods)                          |
| `mods.team-upgrades`       | [TeamUpgrades](https://thunderstore.io/c/repo/p/EvilCheetah/TeamUpgrades/) Mod Project   | [View on GitHub](https://github.com/EvilCheetah/repo.mods/tree/mods.team-upgrades)  |
| `mods.scaling-prices`      | [TeamUpgrades](https://thunderstore.io/c/repo/p/EvilCheetah/ScalingPrices/) Mod Project  | [View on GitHub](https://github.com/EvilCheetah/repo.mods/tree/mods.scaling-prices) |


## Feedback and Suggestions
If you have any feedback or suggestions, feel free to open an issue on the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/EvilCheetah/repo.mods).

## Say Thanks
If you'd like to show your appreciation, you can give me a profile award on my [Steam Page](https://steamcommunity.com/id/EvilCheetah/).
